# QueueOverfilled

![home]

[QueueOverfilled][queueOverfilled]

## Summary

[QueueOverfilled][queueOverfilled]  is a web forum designed to emulate 
StackOverflow built with Ruby on Rails and React. QueueOverfilled allows users
to:

* Create an account
* Log in / Log out
* Ask a question
* Answer/Edit a question
* Edit their answers
* Vote on answers
* Search for questions

## Structure

#### Back end
Ruby on Rails handles the backend with a postgreSQL database.
Its structure is RESTFUL. 
All data requests are done using AJAX and will respond with JSON.
To minimize SQL queries, associations are included to prefetch data.


### Front end
[React.js][React] and JavaScript handles the frontend.
The architecture used to design the website is [Flux][Flux].
React was chosen for its virtual DOM, which is known for quick rerenders
without the need to request a new page.

#### Libraries
- [React.js][React]
- [Flux][Flux]
- [BCrypt](https://github.com/codahale/bcrypt-ruby) for authorization

## Primary Components

#### User Authorization
Only password hashes, generated by BCrypt, are stored on the server upon
successful registration. These hashes are checked upon login to verify that the
password is correct.

![signup]

#### Sign Up
When signing up for an account, a display name and an email is required. The
email is used to sign in, however, it is never shown.

#### To dos
Allow the user to sign up/ log in through facebook and google.

![askquestion]

#### Ask Question
When asking a question, a title and body are required. There will be a preview
of the body.

#### To dos
Increase capabilities of text editor.

![questionshow]


#### Answers
The question is displayed and a user can type in their answer at the bottom of
the page. The answer will display on the screen upon submission and the answer 
count will be updated.

#### Votes
All answers can be voted up or down and the vote count will determine the order
of the answers. The order will be updated upon voting.

![search]

#### Search
By default, a search is done upon submission. An option is added where you can
retrieve questions that match the query while typing it out.

#### To dos
Search by seperate words rather than exact substring matches unless otherwise
specified.

[queueOverfilled]: https://www.queueoverfilled.us
[React]:https://facebook.github.io/react/
[Flux]:https://facebook.github.io/flux/


[signup]: ./app/assets/images/signup.png
[search]: ./app/assets/images/search.png
[askquestion]: ./app/assets/images/askquestion.png
[questionshow]: ./app/assets/images/questionshow.png
[home]: ./app/assets/images/homepage.png
